Update docs for accuracy and to reflect impending 1.0 (#202)
shorebirdtech/docs: docs/guides/code_push_quickstart.mdx

This guide shows you the fastest way to install Shorebird and try code push.

This document is a (slightly) condensed version of our [code
push](../code-push/) docs, all on one page.

## Sign up

Before you can create a Shorebird app, you will need to sign up for Shorebird.

### Create an account

To create an account, head over to the [Shorebird

> Console](https://console.shorebird.dev) and authenticate with your Google or
> Microsoft account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Console](https://console.shorebird.dev) and authenticate with one of the available authentication methods.
```

Or something like that. A more future proof statement.
